OSDOCS-8729: Reviewed AWS Secrets Manager on ROSA migration (#68197)
openshift/openshift-docs: cloud_experts_tutorials/cloud-experts-aws-secret-manager.adoc

//   - Chris Kang
// ---

The AWS Secrets and Configuration Provider (ASCP) provides a way to expose AWS Secrets as Kubernetes storage volumes. With the ASCP, you can store and manage your secrets in Secrets Manager and then retrieve them through your workloads running on {product-title} (ROSA).

[id="cloud-experts-aws-secret-manager-prerequisites"]
== Prerequisites

Ensure that you have the following resources and tools before starting this process:

* A ROSA cluster deployed with STS
* Helm 3
* `aws` CLI
* `oc` CLI
* `jq` CLI

[discrete]
[id="cloud-experts-aws-secret-manager-preparing-environment"]
=== Additional environment requirements

. Log in to your ROSA cluster by running the following comnmand:
+[source,terminal]
----
$ oc login --token=<your-token> --server=<your-server-id>
----
+

> You can find your log in token by accessing your cluster in {cluster-manager-url-pull}.

Reviewer: From the preview link, I see below effect:
![Screenshot from 2024-01-08 20-47-53](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/13775942/1ed67b80-afc0-44c0-bbbc-97665be060f3)

```
1. Log in ... comnmand: +[source,terminal]
+ You can find your log ...
1. Validate that your cluster has STS ...
```
That is, it has problems:

1. `+[source,terminal]` is shown bad format.
2. Typo `comnmand`
3. `+ You can find your log` has bad format `+`
4. Two items of same starting "1." order.

@EricPonvelle  Suggest document peers review and find such format issues and fix them first before requesting QE review :)

//   - Chris Kang
// ---

The AWS Secrets and Configuration Provider (ASCP) provides a way to expose AWS Secrets as Kubernetes storage volumes. With the ASCP, you can store and manage your secrets in Secrets Manager and then retrieve them through your workloads running on {product-title} (ROSA).

[id="cloud-experts-aws-secret-manager-prerequisites"]
== Prerequisites

Ensure that you have the following resources and tools before starting this process:

* A ROSA cluster deployed with STS
* Helm 3
* `aws` CLI
* `oc` CLI
* `jq` CLI

[discrete]
[id="cloud-experts-aws-secret-manager-preparing-environment"]
=== Additional environment requirements

. Log in to your ROSA cluster by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----

> $ oc login --token=<your-token> --server=<your-server-id>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ oc login --token=<your-token> --server=<your-server-url>
```
Sorry did not notice this in last review. It is not "id", it is env api server url which looks like https://api.xxxxxxx:6443 .

----
+

> You can find your log in token by accessing your cluster in {cluster-manager-url-pull}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find your login token by accessing your cluster in {cluster-manager-url-pull}.
```
Per [the ISG word usage guidelines](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#l), it should be `login` when used as an adjective.

. Validate that your cluster has STS by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc get authentication.config.openshift.io cluster -o json \
  | jq .spec.serviceAccountIssuer
----
+

> You should see the following:
> +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.Example output
```
- Per [the IBM word usage guidelines](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#s), avoid "should" and rewrite in a more direct way. But in any case, I suggest that you delete this sentence entirely and replace it with an `.Example output` heading.
- Per [the IBM word usage guidelines](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#f), for introductory phrases, always use "following" as an adjective followed by a noun.

[source,terminal]
----
"https://xxxxx.cloudfront.net/xxxxx"
----
+

> If your output is different, you should not proceed. See xref:../rosa_install_access_delete_clusters/rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly.adoc#rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly[Red Hat documentation on creating an STS cluster] before continuing this process.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If your output is different, do not proceed. See xref:../rosa_install_access_delete_clusters/rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly.adoc#rosa-sts-creating-a-cluster-quickly[Red Hat documentation on creating an STS cluster] before continuing this process.
```
- Per the ISG, avoid "should" (see my previous comment). It's OK to be prescriptive and authoritative here, I think.

> . Set `SecurityContextConstraints` to allow the CSI driver to run:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Set the `SecurityContextConstraints` [object?] to allow the CSI driver to run by running the following command:
```
- The literal needs a referent. Is it an object? I'm not sure.
- Add `by running the following command` per [the OCP docs guidelines](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc#procedure-step-that-introduces-a-command).

    system:serviceaccount:csi-secrets-store:csi-secrets-store-provider-aws
----

> . Create some environment variables to use later in this process:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create environment variables to use later in this process:
```
- `some` is unnecessary, imo

EOF
----

> . Create a Deployment by using our secret:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create a Deployment by using our secret in the following command:
```
